hello good evening welcome to the rock
cafe my name is William Liam the barman
agent welcome to our restaurant let me
show you around
we built our struggle between the
borders you also have an award for to
our border as you walk into the
restaurant we have an inside air
conditioned dining we have a menu for
everyone vegetarians specialized in
Italian and caribbean cruises we have a
lobster pasta with a lot of children's
of lobster and ice cream tomato sauce
lobster we do a lot of lobsters starting
from one-and-a-half phone to phone our
pressure and got a lobster pizza we do
have a very good piece they don't have
to go all the way to entirely to have a
great pizza the Caribbean you do really
good pizza didn't cross we do have a
very popular drink big giant margarita
whoever could drink three of our
moderators they get a 4.3 so this is a
record that you want to break come out
of rock hits still unbroken
and for entertainment without our piano
bar we have a live music six days a week
every month we have a different piano
player on Saturday we have a karaoke
night from eight o'clock until the last
man drop but we have no special fabric
flows and once the paddock its goal and
we going you ready to party be ready
don't remember to envision